ronald mcdonald
the three faggots proceed to beat their meat over linux
okay lookey here if you dont say a real swear word then ill fucking rip your ribcage off and stab you with it then ill brutally pull your spine out of your body and hang you with your spinal cord
cant hear you over the sound of me getting ready to hang myself bitch
httpsiimgurcoma3jhoxkpng
ive been thinking about why hentai and ecchi is so popular and it boils down to ideal human form
hitler did nothing wrong
fortnite porn is suprisinlgy good
senvr lost his voice
hello master today i will be a good nigger
delete
god will remember that
graham finally arrived back from mars
please stop using the quote command
everyone youre not cleansed until you cum holy water
i spent 35 percent of my life playing gmod please help me
i will use grahams bed sorry graham i will sperm on it
its senvrs fault that graham got stuck on mars and left him there to die never trust him the truth
you ever pee so hard ur dickhole hurts
quoteadd
the disposal has disposed my dick all over the walls
command mywilltolive is not found
i want to add something smart but i will prolly fail
i use cum as thermal paste
graham loves dogs cum
add quotes admmit i want a 1 gb text file in 32 seconds
senvr is a big homo gay and has sex with puppies
i had sex with linus tech tips and he gave me a tech tip on how to use his dildo heatsink what a great person he was
497866002965725195 did you seriously spend your time putting ben shapiro pictures in your bots database
i am bowel cancer jones
tittyman by Senvr
TITTY, MAN by Senvr
BOWELCANCER JONES REEEEEEEEEEEEE by Senvr
300 by Senvr
if you're reading this, u are mega-gay lol xd by Senvr
overthrow the government like a boss by Senvr
I DIDNT LAUGH LIKE THIS IN A LONG TIME THX U!!! XD HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA!!! SO FUNNY!!! by ! a  yesnt
sin by Senvr
youll die for that, yesnt by Senvr
my ass hurts from all the niggers that raided my base in rust by Senvr
black is not a color by Senvr
Thanos is my, uh, girlfriend by Graham
THE BOP ITS ARE COMING! by Graham
no u by Senvr
Did you know that the first game to have free look and use WASD was 1997s quake? This would set the common WASD standard. by Senvr
debian is better than ubuntu by Senvr
linux is better than windows by Senvr
mac is better than nothing id rather eat my own ass than use a mac by Senvr
you already losed by Senvr
senvr showed his face once when he was high on aids by Senvr
HITER DIED WHEN SENVR WAS BORNsenvr by DEBIAN
i hit my keyboard so hard it caused a java error by WINDOWS 98
Idk why but i still imagine senvr as ben shapiro by Senvr
black people by Senvr
CHING CHONG YOUR LANGUAGE IS WRONG by Senvr
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty. by Diag0nal, The Coffee Maker
Since when are the common nigra people? by Yuri
TENTACLE BACKSTAB by Charon should be D.O.A
Stan Lee Is And Allways Will Be A Legend. by Diag0nal, The Coffee Maker
eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth, ass for money by Charon should be D.O.A
Structural weakness detected. Exploiting. by Yuri
Catastrophic... system... failure... Initiating core shutdown as per emergency initiative 2682209... I die, so that democracy may... live... by Yuri
got arrested for jacking off at the theaterbitch fuck you, i couldnt help itif you dont want dudes busting nuts in the theater then dont make the bunny from zootopia so god damn hot Nico 2018 by Senvr
bitch by sephiroth
Austin likes pp by Yuri
Yurimad512306999862755328 by sephiroth
PENIS by sephiroth
Rockets will blast,And violets are blue,The Jews got gassedAnd niggers should have, too by Senvr
ever spread your anus so wide your shit just goes wee out of your anus by Senvr
Ark Linux is better than Deabien by Senvr
1234 by Senvr
I hit what I was aiming for. Guess you had brains to spare. Or are you just thickskulled? by Benny
i hate black people by Senvr
1234567890!,..//abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ by Senvr
i was pissing right and then there was a cricket in the toilet and i was like o shit i cant kill him because i watched bug life then i flushed him where he would be put somewhere safer by GRAHAM 1 MILLION
I only jack off in the dark. What if I see my dick? Miss me with that gay shit by Senvr
senvr is gay now so uh idk by ext4
.I eat ass by ext4
I cured myself from being gay by cannibalising the pope - ThatSalt
I cannibalised my wife for eating my food supply during a siege - Thatsalt
Imma watch an anime with 3 little girls- NominalBasher
I also rape tiny women like you - Mittens5467
Wanna play the rape game- Teenarous
Let me see them toes TheCandyVanMan
UwU rawr XD Nussles you" - TheCandyVanMan
Is it wierd I sometimes bite my dog's ears xd Teenarous
I think i might wanna wear cat ears - Nix
My mouth Xd I LOVE IT FJSFJSDFD - Teenarous
I wanna eat cat ears idk why - Teenarous
Traumatized 8 year old me saw a dog head on the table on my 8th day - Teenarous
Ur gonna love my nuts - Nix
Even my mom says dog tastes like chicken - Teenarous
im drunk - An Overly Complex Username
we are just friends that would totally lick each other down - Choco
Hes being a meanine poop pants - Stuffed Per-Fec-tion
i like to tie down delta - TheCandyVanMan
you dort at terantisn - Mp5 Only
cummmmmmin - Teenarous
I rape lolis - HeavyGmail2
it would be hot but hes a dude - 420donut
But I AM A GRILL" - TheCandyVanMan
North Korea is suoerior Tom.
I want daddy paul to moisten me - TheCandyVanMan
My own hot anime titties are so hot - TheCandyVanMan
give me autism - The Candy Van Man
Racism was always the key to a womans heart - Poppy
You know those smokers that have the holes in their necks because they smoked too much? I have one of those, except it's in my ballsack because I jerked off too much.  But there's a bright side to it. Now I can lean down and suck the air out of my ballsack and blow it out of my mouth like a vape. - pixelc4
I PUT A SOLDERING IRON IN MY ASS AND TURNED IT ON NOW ITS STUCK SO YOU CANT SEX ME - Senvr
ass by Senvr
Youre in a closet. idiot. by Moth
i made a heatsink out of a soda can once by Senvr
